So here's a project we created in the last lecture I opened that in web store my ID and these are the
files and folders the Create re-act app created for us as you can see a very lean set up.
We've got the node modules folder with all our dependencies.
And then you can see there aren't that many dependencies just react and then the re-act scripts dependency
which actually is a package holding the full workflow so that users weap back behind the scenes to bundle
everything and then we also use this web.
Dan to Torrance pile everything with Babel.
So this re-act scripts packet here actually holds a lot of the logic and a lot of the workflow you will
have to set up if you want to set up your own workflow or integrate it into your multi-page application
here.
Thankfully it's all done for us and therefore we can focus on the folder's public something allows us
to store some files which are well served by the server like our in-house HMO Folland the fab like in.
And then we mostly work in the source folder here you can see we get a couple of files all delete the
logo here and then we got the next chance in the aperture icefall detest for this use for testing which
I'll also believe since I don't covered it here.
Do you see us as far as provide some styling for the components which live in Yemen and these files
because of course the way we create a re-act app hasn't changed.
If we have a look at the next shares fall we can see that we simply import app from the app folder and
then we render this year and next page html file at element which has the ID root.
So this one here we used app before they use root does make a difference if we have a look at the or
chairs fault.
Here we export does app component.
And that just is a normal component.
We're not calling re-act dot component because component gets imported separately from react.
Then we all use the logo all the distance I delete the logo or delete the image here and we import D.C.'s
asphalt as we did here and we can import CSSA and Javascript since the workflow behind the scenes was
this web page which is able to resolve this dependency and package all the C S S code separately so
it's not actually included in the javascript code but we tell our Bandler wetback that we have these
dependency and wetback will and handle this correctly.
So that's the set up we're starting with some components again using components here which is important
separately and then setting up the same things you learn before rendering the content here.
So nothing special.
So let's play around that a little bit before we add our router.